Real Piano is an augmented reality application that allows you to project notes to play on top of your piano, accelerating the time it takes to master your favorite songs.

In this app you can:
- Visualize which notes should be currently pressed.
- Visualize which notes need to be pressed next.
- Change the speed of songs.
- Create loops for replaying tricky parts of the song.

# Privacy Policy

Real Piano is a free app. This SERVICE is provided by Zelda Labs at no cost and is intended for use as is.
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
This app does not collect any information and runs completely offline.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Real Piano unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
‍
## Information Collection and Use
This app does not collect any type of information.

## Data Deletion Request
As mentioned above, the app does not request any personally identifiable information or other types of information. Please email oidelima5031@gmail.com for any questions.
‍
## Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
‍
## Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2022-11-03

Contact us if you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at oidelima5031@gmail.com
‍
This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator




